                                                Data Base Project Proposal
                                                      Vanier College
                                                         June, 2023
                                             Student name: Seyed Ali Ashrafizadeh
                                                     Student Number: 2395024
                           Title: Environmental and Economic Impact of Power Plants using Data Base Analysis

In this project, a simple data base system for power plants that support power grid for each country and sometimes for 
border countries, has been established.
According to environmental and economical impacts, mankind is looking for solutions that could reduce problems and 
shortages. 
Two most important methods are: 1- connecting power grids and 2-converting fossil fuel power plant to renewable power
plants. In this regards, the following explanation should be considered:

1- Each country has a determine pick demand for power (can be change hourly according to the time of day).
2- Each power plant has a type and a capacity.
3- There are many type of power plants according to their fuel like coal, natural gas and ... or renewables like solar,
   wind and ...
4- The power network of each country may be connected to other countries.
5- Each type of non-renewable power plant produce gas pollution like, CO,CO2 ...
6- According to international protocols, for each kind of pollutions, there is a certain amount of tax.  
7- Installation and conversion of power plants need investment.

Using this data base, a lot of information will be accessible. For example:
-  Amount of power generation in certain area.
-  Amount of pollution and kind of them.
-  Amount of tax-pollution (or tax-return) for each country.
-  Cost of power plant conversion.
-  Demand-supply condition for each country and each region.
-  Condition of neighbors countries to share their power generation.

 Due to the size of the subject and access to the required information, in this project tried to focus just on European countries.
The main source for extracting data are:
 - https://www.iea.org/
 - https://www.iea.org/data-and-statistics/data-tools/real-time-electricity-tracker?tracker=true&from=2023-5-18&to=2023-6-17&category=generation&country=BEL&fuel=Wind

